DOCSP-33948: Atomic typos and cleanup (#829)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/crud/read-operations/project.txt

   }

The projection document specifies a value of ``1`` for ``name`` to

> instruct the operation to *include* the ``name`` field of each returned document in
> the results. As a result, this projection implicitly excludes the ``qty`` and
> ``rating`` fields. Passing this projection to ``find()`` with an empty query document
> and no sort document yields the following results:

Reviewer: S: sounds a little funny to say "result" twice so close together with different meanings

you could end the first sentence after ``name``, then pick up here:

```suggestion
This instructs the operation to *include* the ``name`` field of each returned document in
the results and *exclude* the ``qty`` and
``rating`` fields. Passing this projection to ``find()`` with an empty query document
and no sort document yields the following results:
```

   }

The projection document specifies a value of ``1`` for ``name`` to
instruct the operation to *include* the ``name`` field of each
returned document in the results. As a result, this projection implicitly

> excludes the ``qty`` and ``rating`` fields. Passing this projection to

Reviewer: Same suggestion here as above
